applications: nrf_desktop: Add board documentation (#1199)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/board.rst

.. _board:

Board module
############

> The ``board`` module is used to assure proper state of GPIO pins which are connected to electrical components and not configured by other modules in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``board`` module is used to ensure the proper state of GPIO pins that are connected to electrical components and not configured by other modules in the application.
```
How does it ensure this? Mention this briefly here.

Author: This is assured by setting state of GPIO pins, I will add this information here.

Module Events
*************

+----------------+-------------+--------------+-----------------+------------------+
| Source Module  | Input Event | This Module  | Output Event    | Sink Module      |
+================+=============+==============+=================+==================+
|                |             | ``board``    |                 |                  |
+----------------+-------------+--------------+-----------------+------------------+

Configuration
*************

The module uses the Zephyr :ref:`zephyr:gpio` driver to set pin state.
For this reason, you should set :option:`CONFIG_GPIO` option.

> For every configuration you must define ``port_state_def.h`` file (in board-specific directory in the application configuration folder).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every configuration, you must define the ``port_state_def.h`` file in the board-specific directory in the application configuration folder.
```

> Mentioned file defines port states by the following arrays:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``port_state_def.h`` file defines the port states by the following arrays:
```
What do you mean with `by the following arrays`? Clarify in the text.

Author: ok

> * ``port_state_on`` - state set on system start and wakeup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``port_state_on`` - state set on the system start and wakeup.
```

> * ``port_state_off`` - state set when system enters low-power mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``port_state_off`` - state set when the system enters the low-power mode.
```

> Every :c:type:`struct port_state` refers to a single GPIO port and contains information about:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every :c:type:`struct port_state` refers to a single GPIO port and contains the following information:
```

> * :cpp:member:`name` - the GPIO device name (defined by symbol in :ref:`zephyr:device-tree`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :cpp:member:`name` - GPIO device name (defined by a symbol in :ref:`zephyr:device-tree`).
```
What kind of symbol? Provide an example.

Author: ok

* :cpp:member:`ps` - pointer to the array of :c:type:`struct pin_state`.

> * :cpp:member:`ps_count` - size of the mentioned array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :cpp:member:`ps_count` - size of the `ps` array.
```

> Every :c:type:`struct pin state` defines state of a single GPIO pin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every :c:type:`struct pin state` defines the state of a single GPIO pin:
```

* :cpp:member:`pin` - pin number.

> * :cpp:member:`val` - value which is set to pin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :cpp:member:`val` - value set for the pin.
```

.. _board:

Board module
############

> The ``board`` module is used to ensure the proper state of GPIO pins that are connected to electrical components and not configured by other modules in the application.

Reviewer 2: `to ensure the proper state of GPIO pins that are not configured by other modules in the application`

Author: I just wanted to mention that pins that are not connected to anything may be left unset. Board module only has to configure pins that are in use (e.g. to reduce power consumption). Still, if you want I may remove this information

> This is done by setting the state of the mentioned pins on the system start, wakeup and when the system enters the low-power mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensuring the proper state is done by setting the state of the mentioned pins on the system start and wakeup, and when the system enters the low-power mode.
```
`This` is actually not clear here...

Author: ok

Module Events
*************

+----------------+-------------+--------------+-----------------+------------------+
| Source Module  | Input Event | This Module  | Output Event    | Sink Module      |
+================+=============+==============+=================+==================+
|                |             | ``board``    |                 |                  |
+----------------+-------------+--------------+-----------------+------------------+

Configuration
*************

> The module uses the Zephyr :ref:`zephyr:gpio` driver to set pin state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module uses the Zephyr :ref:`zephyr:gpio` driver to set the pin state.
```

For this reason, you should set :option:`CONFIG_GPIO` option.

For every configuration, you must define the ``port_state_def.h`` file in the board-specific directory in the application configuration folder.

The ``port_state_def.h`` file defines the states set to the GPIO ports by the following arrays:

* ``port_state_on`` - state set on the system start and wakeup.
* ``port_state_off`` - state set when the system enters the low-power mode.

Every :c:type:`struct port_state` refers to a single GPIO port and contains the following information:

> * :cpp:member:`name` - GPIO device name (defined by a symbol in :ref:`zephyr:device-tree` - e.g. :c:macro:`DT_GPIO_P0_DEV_NAME`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :cpp:member:`name` - GPIO device name (defined by a symbol in :ref:`zephyr:device-tree`, for example :c:macro:`DT_GPIO_P0_DEV_NAME`).
```
